---
title: Maurkim
description: Information about the nation Maurkim
layout: ../../layouts/MainLayout.astro
---

**Maurkim** is a vast trade empire which teeters between oligarchy an anarchy. Closer to the godless Lycians than they would like to admit Maurkim is a nation built on trust, trade, and competition. It is a common expression among the nations to say “I trust you as the Immuarkim do” which is known to be the deepest bond two people can have. Unlike most of the other nations (Except perhaps the Apolitain league) their relationship with the gods is closer to peers than subordinates. With these tenants of trust and experimentation the Maurkim have established an international trading empire the other nations can scarcely compete with. However, at home this freedom has led to a quiet consolidation of power, as the great houses expand their influence through mergers and acquisitions, as well as back room deals.

The Maurkim have grown irritated with the Apolitain League as they appear to be explicitly endorsing the piracy of their new Minotaur allies. For some, the lack of any action against Tyntara the Destroyer, the most vicious of the Minotaur pirates, is tantamount to declaring her an ally, and many wish to see Maurkim blockade the League. To the east the Maurkim chafe under what they see as excessive bureaucracy. Not only is trade difficult in Na-Keb with endless and ever changing rules, but the control over trade through Na-Keb has kept nearly half of Sarmania hidden from Maurkim merchants. Several in Maurkim are beginning to think that Na-Keb is intentionally targeting Maurkim and has more sinister motives than mere red tape.